Welcome back in the previous step we created a simple limit service to pick up a couple of values from
application dot properties in this step let's start setting up our spring cloud config.
Server what will do is will create a new project using start dot soring dot io.
So as usual we'll pick up maven Project java make sure that you're using the same spring boot version.
throughout these micro service videos have you 2 dot 0 dot 0 dot m3 earlier.
So I'll continue using that group ID.
Will continue to use com in28minutes micro services the artifact ID for this we would want
to give is spring cloud config server.
So it's spring cloud config server that's the artifact id that I would want to give it and I would want to add
in the dependencies on cloud config server.
So you can type in cloud config or you can type in config so pick that up so config server is the one
which you would want.
I don't need config client I will also remove web and actuator so the only things that we are really having as dependencies
are config server and dev tools.
Now I can generate a project this would download a zip file extract it to some folder on your hard disk
and we'll import it into eclipse.
Once you have unzip the folder it was specific folder on your hard drive you can import it easy ways.
Some maven projects so file import existing maven projects you can type in next i have copied it to a folder.
0 3 Micro services spring cloud config.
Now you can see that in here so com in28minutes Micro services spring.
Cloud config server let's.
Go ahead and finish.
This would import the hole thing out.
It might take a little while is the first time you're using that spring boot version or even if this is
the first time you're using spring cloud.
If you open up the pom dot XML you should see a couple of important dependencies cloud config server
is the main dependency which enables the cloud config server functionality.
Other than that we have dev tools to make sure that the server can pick up changes directly without
restarting.
Before we do anything with the spring cloud config server what we'll do is we'll assign the application
name and port will give it a application name of spring cloud config.
server then the other thing will also do is we will run it on a specific port.
If you look at a ports configuration which we decided earlier we said we would use 8 8 8 8 for this
spring cloud config server.
So let's configure that as well.
So server dot port is equal to 8888.
One of the important things is we are standardizing this ports just because we don't want any confusion
at a later point in time.
There are a lot of applications that we would be creating as part of this micro services course and by standardizing
ports on which applications run we make it very easy for us to quickly refer to them whenever we want
to spring cloud config server running on a 8 8 8 8 and that's in port of configured it in
here as well.
In this step we created the simple project for spring cloud config server and we configure the application name
and the server port for this next step.
We would create a simple git repository and configure this spring cloud config server pick up the values from
that particular git repository until then bye bye.